README.md, before:

# Notion to GCalendar

This repository is meant to synchronise a collection from Notion
to Google Calendar.

## Installation

### Get a Google Calendar API key, Notion token and database id

See [Node.js quickstart](https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/quickstart/nodejs)
to create an app and save the credentials in the `credentials.json`.

Go on [My integrations](https://www.notion.so/my-integrations), create an integration and
save the secret in `.env` (see `example.env` as an example). You also need to add the database id
in the `.env` (see [the image in the first paragraphs](https://developers.notion.com/reference/retrieve-a-database) to
find how to get the database id).
Don't forget to go on the page of the database and
[Connect to](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/72396153/how-do-i-retrieve-a-site-using-notions-api)
the integration you just created.

### Development

To install packages:

```bash
npm i
```

To run use:

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Production

_WIP: Docker image_

## TODOS

- Production
- Check [watch](https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/v3/reference/events/watch?hl=fr)

## Useful link

- https://github.com/googleapis/google-auth-library-nodejs
- https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/quickstart/nodejs?hl=en
- https://github.com/makenotion/notion-sdk-js

Commit message:

feat(docker): create image and compose

README.md, after:

# Notion to GCalendar

This repository is meant to synchronise a collection from Notion
to Google Calendar.

## Installation

### Get a Google Calendar API key, Notion token and database id

See [Node.js quickstart](https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/quickstart/nodejs)
to create an app and save the credentials in the `credentials.json`.

Go on [My integrations](https://www.notion.so/my-integrations), create an integration and
save the secret in `.env` (see `example.env` as an example). You also need to add the database id
in the `.env` (see [the image in the first paragraphs](https://developers.notion.com/reference/retrieve-a-database) to
find how to get the database id).
Don't forget to go on the page of the database and
[Connect to](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/72396153/how-do-i-retrieve-a-site-using-notions-api)
the integration you just created.

### Development

To install packages:

```bash
npm i
```

To run use:

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Production

You will need to have the `credentials.json` for the Google API page, the `.env` (see the `example.env`)
and the `token.json` (at first empty). The first time, there will be a link to click on to authorise the
connection to Google Calendar (it will fill the `token.json` to remember the connected account).

```sh
npm run build # build source
docker compose up # build (if necessary) the docker image and start it
docker compose down # if you want to remove the container
```

If you want to run that regularly you can use `crontab -e` to add a `cron` task:

```cronexp
*/15 * * * * cd /the-folder-to-credentials && docker compose up > /dev/null 2>&1 && docker compose down > /dev/null 2>&1
```

## TODOS

- Check [watch](https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/v3/reference/events/watch?hl=fr)

## Useful link

- https://github.com/googleapis/google-auth-library-nodejs
- https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/quickstart/nodejs?hl=en
- https://github.com/makenotion/notion-sdk-js
